org/elasticsearch/gradle/vagrant/VagrantExtension.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.vagrant.VagrantExtension
org/elasticsearch/gradle/test/rest/CopyRestApiTask.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.test.rest.CopyRestApiTask
org/elasticsearch/gradle/tar/SymbolicLinkPreservingTar.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.tar.SymbolicLinkPreservingTar
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.tar.SymbolicLinkPreservingTar$1
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.tar.SymbolicLinkPreservingTar$SymbolicLinkPreservingTarCopyAction
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.tar.SymbolicLinkPreservingTar$SymbolicLinkPreservingTarCopyAction$SymbolicLinkPreservingTarStreamAction
org/elasticsearch/gradle/docker/DockerBuildTask.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.docker.DockerBuildTask
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.docker.DockerBuildTask$DockerBuildAction
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.docker.DockerBuildTask$Parameters
org/elasticsearch/gradle/Architecture.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.Architecture
org/elasticsearch/gradle/LazyPropertyList.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.LazyPropertyList
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.LazyPropertyList$PropertyListEntry
org/elasticsearch/gradle/test/JNAKernel32Library.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.test.JNAKernel32Library
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.test.JNAKernel32Library$Holder
org/elasticsearch/gradle/test/GradleDistroTestTask.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.test.GradleDistroTestTask
org/elasticsearch/gradle/testclusters/DefaultTestClustersTask.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.testclusters.DefaultTestClustersTask
org/elasticsearch/gradle/SimpleCommandLineArgumentProvider.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.SimpleCommandLineArgumentProvider
org/elasticsearch/gradle/test/rest/RestResourcesPlugin.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.test.rest.RestResourcesPlugin
org/elasticsearch/gradle/precommit/ForbiddenPatternsTask.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.precommit.ForbiddenPatternsTask
org/elasticsearch/gradle/precommit/JarHellTask.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.precommit.JarHellTask
org/elasticsearch/gradle/precommit/PrecommitPlugin.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.precommit.PrecommitPlugin
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.precommit.PrecommitPlugin$PrecommitTaskPlugin
org/elasticsearch/gradle/ElasticsearchJavaPlugin.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.ElasticsearchJavaPlugin
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.ElasticsearchJavaPlugin$1
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.ElasticsearchJavaPlugin$2
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.ElasticsearchJavaPlugin$TestFailureReportingPlugin
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.ElasticsearchJavaPlugin$TestFailureReportingPlugin$1
org/elasticsearch/gradle/testclusters/TestClustersAware.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.testclusters.TestClustersAware
org/elasticsearch/gradle/testclusters/TestClustersRegistry.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.testclusters.TestClustersRegistry
org/elasticsearch/gradle/precommit/CheckstylePrecommitPlugin.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.precommit.CheckstylePrecommitPlugin
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.precommit.CheckstylePrecommitPlugin$1
org/elasticsearch/gradle/precommit/DependencyLicensesPrecommitPlugin.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.precommit.DependencyLicensesPrecommitPlugin
org/elasticsearch/gradle/precommit/LoggerUsageTask.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.precommit.LoggerUsageTask
org/elasticsearch/gradle/LoggingOutputStream.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.LoggingOutputStream
org/elasticsearch/gradle/precommit/DependencyLicensesTask.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.precommit.DependencyLicensesTask
org/elasticsearch/gradle/LazyPropertyMap.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.LazyPropertyMap
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.LazyPropertyMap$PropertyMapEntry
org/elasticsearch/gradle/ReaperPlugin.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.ReaperPlugin
org/elasticsearch/gradle/precommit/ForbiddenApisPrecommitPlugin.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.precommit.ForbiddenApisPrecommitPlugin
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.precommit.ForbiddenApisPrecommitPlugin$1
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.precommit.ForbiddenApisPrecommitPlugin$2
org/elasticsearch/gradle/precommit/FilePermissionsTask.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.precommit.FilePermissionsTask
org/elasticsearch/gradle/EnforceDeprecationFailuresPlugin.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.EnforceDeprecationFailuresPlugin
org/elasticsearch/gradle/precommit/ThirdPartyAuditPrecommitPlugin.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.precommit.ThirdPartyAuditPrecommitPlugin
org/elasticsearch/gradle/testfixtures/TestFixtureExtension.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.testfixtures.TestFixtureExtension
org/elasticsearch/gradle/EmptyDirTask.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.EmptyDirTask
org/elasticsearch/gradle/precommit/PomValidationPrecommitPlugin.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.precommit.PomValidationPrecommitPlugin
org/elasticsearch/gradle/vagrant/BatsProgressLogger.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.vagrant.BatsProgressLogger
org/elasticsearch/gradle/FileSupplier.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.FileSupplier
org/elasticsearch/gradle/plugin/PluginPropertiesExtension.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.plugin.PluginPropertiesExtension
org/elasticsearch/gradle/tar/SymoblicLinkPreservingTarPlugin.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.tar.SymoblicLinkPreservingTarPlugin
org/elasticsearch/gradle/ReaperService.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.ReaperService
org/elasticsearch/gradle/testclusters/RunTask.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.testclusters.RunTask
org/elasticsearch/gradle/vagrant/VagrantShellTask.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.vagrant.VagrantShellTask
org/elasticsearch/gradle/JdkDownloadPlugin.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.JdkDownloadPlugin
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.JdkDownloadPlugin$1
org/elasticsearch/gradle/precommit/ValidateRestSpecPlugin.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.precommit.ValidateRestSpecPlugin
org/elasticsearch/gradle/testclusters/ElasticsearchCluster.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.testclusters.ElasticsearchCluster
org/elasticsearch/gradle/util/GradleUtils.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.util.GradleUtils
org/elasticsearch/gradle/util/Util.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.util.Util
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.util.Util$1
org/elasticsearch/gradle/precommit/ValidateJsonAgainstSchemaTask.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.precommit.ValidateJsonAgainstSchemaTask
org/elasticsearch/gradle/util/JavaUtil.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.util.JavaUtil
org/elasticsearch/gradle/checkstyle/SnippetLengthCheck.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.checkstyle.SnippetLengthCheck
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.checkstyle.SnippetLengthCheck$LineItr
org/elasticsearch/gradle/precommit/LoggerUsagePrecommitPlugin.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.precommit.LoggerUsagePrecommitPlugin
org/elasticsearch/gradle/docker/DockerSupportService.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.docker.DockerSupportService
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.docker.DockerSupportService$DockerAvailability
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.docker.DockerSupportService$Parameters
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.docker.DockerSupportService$Result
org/elasticsearch/gradle/DistributionDownloadPlugin.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.DistributionDownloadPlugin
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.DistributionDownloadPlugin$1
org/elasticsearch/gradle/ConcatFilesTask.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.ConcatFilesTask
org/elasticsearch/gradle/testclusters/TestClustersException.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.testclusters.TestClustersException
org/elasticsearch/gradle/SystemPropertyCommandLineArgumentProvider.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.SystemPropertyCommandLineArgumentProvider
org/elasticsearch/gradle/testclusters/ElasticsearchNode.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.testclusters.ElasticsearchNode
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.testclusters.ElasticsearchNode$CliEntry
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.testclusters.ElasticsearchNode$FileEntry
org/elasticsearch/gradle/Jdk.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.Jdk
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.Jdk$1
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.Jdk$2
org/elasticsearch/gradle/PublishPlugin.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.PublishPlugin
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.PublishPlugin$1
org/elasticsearch/gradle/info/GlobalBuildInfoPlugin.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.info.GlobalBuildInfoPlugin
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.info.GlobalBuildInfoPlugin$GitInfo
org/elasticsearch/gradle/precommit/UpdateShasTask.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.precommit.UpdateShasTask
org/elasticsearch/gradle/test/RestIntegTestTask.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.test.RestIntegTestTask
org/elasticsearch/gradle/precommit/PrecommitTask.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.precommit.PrecommitTask
org/elasticsearch/gradle/test/InternalClusterTestPlugin.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.test.InternalClusterTestPlugin
org/elasticsearch/gradle/test/rest/CopyRestTestsTask.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.test.rest.CopyRestTestsTask
org/elasticsearch/gradle/testclusters/RestTestRunnerTask.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.testclusters.RestTestRunnerTask
org/elasticsearch/gradle/test/ErrorReportingTestListener.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.test.ErrorReportingTestListener
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.test.ErrorReportingTestListener$1
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.test.ErrorReportingTestListener$Descriptor
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.test.ErrorReportingTestListener$EventWriter
org/elasticsearch/gradle/precommit/TestingConventionsTasks.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.precommit.TestingConventionsTasks
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.precommit.TestingConventionsTasks$1
org/elasticsearch/gradle/test/DistroTestPlugin.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.test.DistroTestPlugin
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.test.DistroTestPlugin$1
org/elasticsearch/gradle/ExportElasticsearchBuildResourcesTask.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.ExportElasticsearchBuildResourcesTask
org/elasticsearch/gradle/ElasticsearchDistribution.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.ElasticsearchDistribution
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.ElasticsearchDistribution$1
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.ElasticsearchDistribution$Extracted
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.ElasticsearchDistribution$Flavor
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.ElasticsearchDistribution$Platform
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.ElasticsearchDistribution$Type
org/elasticsearch/gradle/AbstractLazyPropertyCollection.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.AbstractLazyPropertyCollection
org/elasticsearch/gradle/precommit/TestingConventionRule.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.precommit.TestingConventionRule
org/elasticsearch/gradle/precommit/FilePermissionsPrecommitPlugin.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.precommit.FilePermissionsPrecommitPlugin
org/elasticsearch/gradle/testclusters/TestClustersPlugin.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.testclusters.TestClustersPlugin
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.testclusters.TestClustersPlugin$TestClustersHookPlugin
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.testclusters.TestClustersPlugin$TestClustersHookPlugin$1
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.testclusters.TestClustersPlugin$TestClustersHookPlugin$2
org/elasticsearch/gradle/precommit/LicenseAnalyzer.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.precommit.LicenseAnalyzer
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.precommit.LicenseAnalyzer$LicenseInfo
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.precommit.LicenseAnalyzer$LicenseMatcher
org/elasticsearch/gradle/testclusters/TestDistribution.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.testclusters.TestDistribution
org/elasticsearch/gradle/test/rest/RestResourcesExtension.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.test.rest.RestResourcesExtension
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.test.rest.RestResourcesExtension$RestResourcesSpec
org/elasticsearch/gradle/testfixtures/TestFixturesPlugin.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.testfixtures.TestFixturesPlugin
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.testfixtures.TestFixturesPlugin$1
org/elasticsearch/gradle/precommit/JarHellPrecommitPlugin.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.precommit.JarHellPrecommitPlugin
org/elasticsearch/gradle/vagrant/VagrantBasePlugin.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.vagrant.VagrantBasePlugin
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.vagrant.VagrantBasePlugin$VagrantManagerPlugin
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.vagrant.VagrantBasePlugin$VagrantSetupCheckerPlugin
org/elasticsearch/gradle/PropertyNormalization.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.PropertyNormalization
org/elasticsearch/gradle/tar/SymbolicLinkPreservingUntarTask.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.tar.SymbolicLinkPreservingUntarTask
org/elasticsearch/gradle/vagrant/VagrantMachine.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.vagrant.VagrantMachine
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.vagrant.VagrantMachine$ProgressOutputStream
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.vagrant.VagrantMachine$VagrantExecSpec
org/elasticsearch/gradle/test/BatsTestTask.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.test.BatsTestTask
org/elasticsearch/gradle/vagrant/VagrantProgressLogger.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.vagrant.VagrantProgressLogger
org/elasticsearch/gradle/docker/DockerSupportPlugin.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.docker.DockerSupportPlugin
org/elasticsearch/gradle/dependencies/CompileOnlyResolvePlugin.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.dependencies.CompileOnlyResolvePlugin
org/elasticsearch/gradle/precommit/PomValidationTask.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.precommit.PomValidationTask
org/elasticsearch/gradle/http/WaitForHttpResource.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.http.WaitForHttpResource
org/elasticsearch/gradle/testfixtures/DockerComposeThrottle.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.testfixtures.DockerComposeThrottle
org/elasticsearch/gradle/precommit/ForbiddenPatternsPrecommitPlugin.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.precommit.ForbiddenPatternsPrecommitPlugin
org/elasticsearch/gradle/testclusters/TestClustersThrottle.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.testclusters.TestClustersThrottle
org/elasticsearch/gradle/OS.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.OS
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.OS$Conditional
org/elasticsearch/gradle/precommit/TestingConventionsPrecommitPlugin.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.precommit.TestingConventionsPrecommitPlugin
org/elasticsearch/gradle/testclusters/TestClusterConfiguration.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.testclusters.TestClusterConfiguration
org/elasticsearch/gradle/precommit/ThirdPartyAuditTask.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.precommit.ThirdPartyAuditTask
